# Static Timetable
This is a very simple hobby project I made to quickly create and style my class timetables. This is simple enough for anyone with basic knowledge in web-dev to configure, but powerful and flexible enough to be infinitely customizable. This is because the project seperates the HTML from the actual table data. This means changing the table content. 



- No backend
- Infinitely many styling options with CSS
- Easy scripting with JavaScript
- Literally zero building/setup
- VERY FAST (duh)


# Usage
Download all files from this repository or use `git clone https://github.com/riff-exe/static-timetable.git`. Now simply open `index.html` with your browser and everything will work fine. That's it! No setup needed :)

Now what you can do is:
1. Change the contents of `schedule.json.js`
2. Choose CSS themes from the `styles/` folder, or create your own.
3. Choose JS scripts from the `scripts/` folder , or create your own.






- this project centers around an automated dynamic timetable or schedule manager
- that parses subject data, generates clean CSS selector hierarchies


```
├─  styles/              // Premade CSS styles
├─  scripts/             // Premade JS scripts
├─  index.html           // Main HTML static page
├─  tabler.js            // Reads schedule.json.js to generate the HTML table
└─  schedule.json.js     // Schedule data stored as JSON (in a JS file)
```

---

A lightweight JavaScript and CSS utility designed to process raw schedule data, validate inputs, generate standardized CSS class names, and dynamically apply subject-specific styles to a timetable layout.

## Features
- Classes of the same subject/course are automatically sorted by autogenerated CSS classes ('Math 2113' becomes `card-label-math-2113`)
